{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green35\blue40;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c12157\c13725\c15686;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww37900\viewh18560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs27 \cf2 Q How do you declare a variable?
\f1\b0 \
- let const\
What are three different ways to declare a variable? Which one should/shouldn't you use and when?\
- let const var , var is depicated, use let or const instead\

\f0\b Q What are the rules for naming variables?
\f1\b0 \
- allowed letter: [0-9][a-z][A-Z]&_\
- cannot starts with number\
- reserved word not allowed\

\f0\b Q What are operators, operands, and operations?
\f1\b0 \
- operators: + - * / % .. etc\
- operands: variables\
- operations: action of operators + operands\

\f0\b Q What is string concatenation and what happens when you add numbers and strings together?
\f1\b0 \
- combine strings into one string. number + [0-9] ==> number, number + [a-z] ==> string\

\f0\b Q What are the different types of operators in JavaScript?
\f1\b0 \
- arithmetic, string, numeric, assignment, increment/decrement,  \

\f0\b Q What is the difference between == and ===?
\f1\b0 \
== compare the literary value\
=== also compare the datatype/status of an object\

\f0\b Q What is operator precedence?
\f1\b0 \
- priority order of operators\

\f0\b Q What are assignment operators?
\f1\b0 \
=, +=, -=, *=, /=, %=\

\f0\b Q What are the increment/decrement operators? What is the difference between prefixing and postfixing them?
\f1\b0 \
Prefixing ==> inc or dec the variable before return its value\
Postfixing ==> inc or dec the variable after return its value\

\f0\b Q Name the eight data types in JavaScript.
\f1\b0 \
- number, biting, string, boolean, null, undefined, symbol, object\

\f0\b Q What is the relationship between null and undefined?
\f1\b0 \
null ==> variable is declared and value is assigned, however absence of  value object\
underfined ==>  variable is declared but the value is not assigned\

\f0\b Q What is the difference between single, double, and backtick quotes for strings?
\f1\b0 \
- single and double quotes represent a string\
- backtick represent a formatted string which using $\{ \}  syntax\

\f0\b Q How do you embed variables/expressions in a string?
\f1\b0 \
let name = \'91Henry Wat\'92\
console.log( `My name is $\{name\}.`\

\f0\b Q What are the comparison operators?
\f1\b0 \
Equal ==\
Strictly equal ===\
Not equal !=\
Strictly not equal !==\
Greater than >\
Less than <\
Greater or equal >=\
Less or equal <=}